Document persistent sessions are enabled by default (#32431)
keycloak/keycloak: docs/documentation/upgrading/topics/changes/changes-26_0_0.adoc

- `node_modules/jquery`

If you previously used any of the removed resources in your theme, make sure to add them to your own theme resources instead.

= All user sessions are persisted by default

Since the database is now the source of truth for user sessions, it is possible to restrict the size of the session caches to reduce memory usage.
If you use the default `conf/cache-ispn.xml` file the caches for storing user and client sessions are by default configured to store only 10000 sessions and one owner for each entry.

> Update your custom embedded Infinispan cache configuration file with configuration similar to one shown belowfor caches `sessions`, `clientSessions`, `offlineSessions`, and `offlineClientSessions`:

Reviewer: typo
```suggestion
Update your custom embedded Infinispan cache configuration file with configuration similar to one shown below for caches `sessions`, `clientSessions`, `offlineSessions`, and `offlineClientSessions`:
```
